operator/README.md, before:

Run `flash-attn-minimal-llms.py` to test LLMs with our substitute flash attn code. To do so, we need the below file structure:
```
.
├── minimal_attn/
│   └── csrc/
│       ├── default.cpp
│       └── cuda/
│           └── flash.cu
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── ops.py
├── setup.py
```

### Setup
Note that we need python3.10 so that pybind works. Currently have python3.12. So, in terminal:
```bash
source /project/engineering/anaconda3/etc/profile.d/conda.sh
conda create -n py310 python=3.10
conda activate py310
conda install jupyter ipykernel
pip3 install torch torchvision torchaudio
pip install transformers
pip install Ninja   # for building cuda
pip install --no-build-isolation -e .  # for our new operator
# python -m ipykernel install --user --name py310 --display-name "Python 3.10 (py310)"  # if we want to use jupyter, which we were having issues with.
```

### Inference
Run `flash-attn-minimal-llms.py` to ensure our implementation works within Python.

Commit message:

flash_attn_minimal_llms.py runs and passes sanity check -- ready for LLM

operator/README.md, after:

Run `flash-attn-minimal-llms.py` to test LLMs with our substitute flash attn code. To do so, we need the below file structure:
```
.
├── minimal_attn/
│   └── csrc/
│       ├── default.cpp
│       └── cuda/
│           └── flash.cu
│   ├── __init__.py
│   ├── ops.py
├── setup.py
```

### Setup
Note that we need python3.10 so that pybind works. Currently have python3.12. So, in terminal:
```bash
source /project/engineering/anaconda3/etc/profile.d/conda.sh
conda create -n py310 python=3.10
conda activate py310
conda install jupyter ipykernel
pip3 install torch torchvision torchaudio
pip install transformers
pip install Ninja   # for building cuda
pip install --no-build-isolation -e .  # for our new operator
# python -m ipykernel install --user --name py310 --display-name "Python 3.10 (py310)"  # if we want to use jupyter, which we were having issues with.
```

### Testing Imlementation
Run `flash-attn-minimal-llms.py` to ensure our implementation works within Python. If the sanity checks pass, we are good to go.

### Inference
Now, we will integrate our attention mechanism into (an) LLM(s) for inference. To do so, we will modify the modeling files in HuggingFace. We start with gpt-2 as it is simple and can run in low memory.
